Runs: Resume run word smithing (#2220)
wandb/docs: models/runs/resuming.mdx

title: Resume a run
---

> Specify how W&B should respond if a run stops or crashes. When you initialize a run you can specify how W&B should respond if the run stops or crashes by passing an argument to the `resume` parameter. W&B checks if the run ID already exists and responds based on the argument passed to the `resume` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to configure how W&B will handle a stopped or crashed run. By default, W&B always initializes a new run. If you an argument to the `resume` parameter when you initialize the run, W&B attempts to resume the run with the exact same run ID instead of initializing a new run with the same run ID.
```
WDYT? As currently written, this seems kind of hard to understand, at least for me.

Author: How bout this? 

Specify how W&B should respond if a run stops or crashes by setting the `resume` parameter in `wandb.init()`. When you initialize a run, W&B checks whether the run ID already exists and applies the behavior defined by the `resume` value.
